yo sup MTV look at my crib yo so my crib
out there is pretty hot right pretty
high pretty hot coming in partner 103
north campus crossing sign your lease
today if you want to remove as you see
this is just a preview of what you got
to get cookies that were cooked and
baked that'll probably Dallas Texas ok
now here we go here we money to this is
where it all happens we get fat the
spring yet back right now all right look
you see we got some bowls of popcorn one
hundred percent fat and butter gross but
it's still good you know it's crazy as
you can see we don't clean up we just
don't do that all right here we go we
gotta treat jar hold you hold your
horses inside we got chocolate Wow
Snickers skittles anything especially
when you're having a bad day you just
reach me if you want to get something up
some good in you not healthy does
nothing are you ready here we go on the
main event the fridge we're gonna start
down below here we go Oh in here look
two drawers we'll start down here draw
number one what we got is where you put
cheese and for us we got cheese that's
about all we got brie cheese no please
notice that drawer number 20 cheese
again grapes nobody eats lose lips
bojangles there you go they invented the
chicken you know chick-fil-a name that's
no ended it all cheated are there you go
guys we got the Haitian treat fruit
punch elementary school fifth grade you
know about that I'm shooting Mountain
Dew cook more cake we'd love some cakes
right here this is this is for jay's
birthday he's other roommate right here
this is our cake this is our sad day
cake nobody's birthday no special
as you know we say that code dr. pepper
nothing healthy we just got all calories
in here all that stuff no water it'll do
that oh we got barefoot chardonnay for
those of you that are 21 maybe later
tonight hey 1250 nights just start we
can get safe rides all right we got
chocolate syrup this is for our dessert
you know what you do with this no you
don't put a ride screen open or anything
you chug this just like this junk is
good hey y'all do that with Who am I
through my kid all right shelf number
two what we got ultimate peanut butter
lovers cookies I want you to raise your
hands who bakes ease in here in this
apartment we just eat the cookie dough
but cookie dough is really disgusting
it's fairly old so we got apples those
are about two years I've been here snap
at me and read love snack pack chocolate
pudding delicacy oh especially when you
freeze it coolest thing is what if you
swim in a pool of this JUNK behind red
boom I don't know what that's for cuz
we're getting all our energy from all
these fat calories and stuff all right
top shell McDonald's Oh supersize me hot
movie when you watch that just makes you
more hungry though I think so oh we got
green tea I lose that is probably owners
skim milk I like whole milk vitamin D
you know timeout are y'all ready we're
gonna go upstairs to the freezer flat ow
Oh what do you know ice cream ice cream
or ice cream let's see any Ben & Jerry's
fans got some Edie's half-baked wonder
what that means karma sutra no pun
intended up I bet you know Edie's grand
ice cream mint chocolate chip gross
suggesting that shoot me a flavor fish
ph kambam three that's what's funny
alright so that's the free go we got
some chicken pot pie nobody sells tater
tots you know alright MTV that's my
kitchen that's my fridge crib ya'll say
peace out dot out see read on Tuesday ok
alright him to me get out here I gotta
go eat